nestled in the bluegrass we have
approximately 1200 and 24 acres solely
dedicated to the horse you know we are
incredibly lucky to have so many horses
we have approximately 115 horses which
are located on the property and they
represent approximately 50 breeds and
where in the United States can you see
50 breeds together if you're a visitor
to the park through our visitor center
you can walk in and not only can you
meet retired champions and these are not
just retired thoroughbreds champions
they are retired standard bred champion
Saddlebred champions and they are
showcased in our Hall of Champions which
has a daily show the Kentucky Horse Park
derives its support from admission fees
from the tourists that come to the park
and also for the rental of our show
facility services well it's pretty much
a steady stream of support but it is
supplemented by the Commonwealth of
Kentucky through taxpayer dollars but
there is a significant gap between our
revenue and expenses and that is where
the Kentucky Horse Park Foundation comes
in the foundation was founded in 1985 to
help bridge this gap at the park and it
does it through charitable support and
most importantly because this
not-for-profit foundation creates a
public-private partnership which is so
essential for the park to sustain our
operations and also to be our
first-class international facility the
Kentucky Horse Park Foundation also has
implemented a naming rights program
which will allow gifts that a certain
level to be recognized both publicly and
permanently and those gifts help the
park in every way sustain what we do the
best we have several fundraising efforts
which we are currently in the middle of
our Man O War again is our annual
campaign and that is basically our
operating campaign which keeps the
lights on at the park and focuses on our
daily activities and daily needs of the
of course plus we also have our leave a
legacy campaign which is to preserve the
park for all future generations and this
includes a state-of-the-art barn complex
special footing which is so important in
the equestrian world and competition
rings it also includes the refurbishment
of our old barns we also have the Nina
Bonney endowment and that is to preserve
the park for future generations and the
money thrown out from this endowment
allows us to provide support to the park
to which the Commonwealth of Kentucky is
unable to the foundation has also
created the champion circle Society and
this circle society recognizes
individuals who wish to make a planned
gift and these plan gives a very easy to
make and they provide assurance for
funding for the park for many years down
the road
you